English revision work by Hengrui (#362)
Oneflow-Inc/oneflow-documentation: en/docs/parallelism/05_ddp.md

# DATA PARALLEL TRAINING

In [Common Distributed Parallel Strategies](./01_introduction.md), we introduced the characteristics of data parallel.

> OneFlow provides [oneflow.nn.parallel.DistributedDataParallel](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/nn.html#oneflow.nn.parallel.DistributedDataParallel) module and [launcher](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/distributed.html#oneflow-distributed), which allows users to run data parallel training almost without modifying the script of a single machine or a single GUP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OneFlow provides [oneflow.nn.parallel.DistributedDataParallel](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/nn.html#oneflow.nn.parallel.DistributedDataParallel) module and [launcher](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/distributed.html#oneflow-distributed), which allows users to run data parallel training almost without modifying the script of a single node.
```

中文里的（单机单卡）合一起上一个词，表示只有一台电脑，一台电脑上只有一张显卡。并不是并列关系的两个词。
不过我觉得简化的话，写 single node 就可以了

Author: 已解决

        flow.tensor([[4, 6], [3, 1]], dtype=flow.float32),
    ]
    train_y = [
        flow.tensor([[8], [13]], dtype=flow.float32),
        flow.tensor([[26], [9]], dtype=flow.float32),
    ]

    class Model(flow.nn.Module):
        def __init__(self):
            super().__init__()
            self.lr = 0.01
            self.iter_count = 500
            self.w = flow.nn.Parameter(flow.tensor([[0], [0]], dtype=flow.float32))

        def forward(self, x):
            x = flow.matmul(x, self.w)
            return x

    m = Model().to("cuda")
    m = ddp(m)
    loss = flow.nn.MSELoss(reduction="sum")
    optimizer = flow.optim.SGD(m.parameters(), m.lr)

    for i in range(0, m.iter_count):
        rank = flow.framework.distribute.get_rank()
        x = train_x[rank].to("cuda")
        y = train_y[rank].to("cuda")

        y_pred = m(x)
        l = loss(y_pred, y)
        if (i + 1) % 50 == 0:
            print(f"{i+1}/{m.iter_count} loss:{l}")

        optimizer.zero_grad()
        l.backward()
        optimizer.step()

    print(f"\nw:{m.w}")
    ```

There are only two differences between the data parallel training code and the stand-alone single-card script:

> - Use DistributedDataParallel to process the module object (`m = ddp(m)`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use DistributedDataParallel to wrap the module object (`m = ddp(m)`)
```

Author: 已解决
